Update community-governance.mdx (#1236)
helium/docs: docs/community-governance/community-governance.mdx

The Helium Community uses a governance mechanism called **Helium Improvement Proposals** (known as
"HIPs"). Modeled on BIPs from the Bitcoin community, HIPs are used to introduce, debate, and
approve/reject new changes to major elements of the Network like the core blockchain, $HNT, $IOT 
$MOBILE token economics, and Network governance itself.

In the earliest phases it's best to vet an idea with the Helium community
[via Discord](https://discord.gg/helium). This is a good way to see if there is initial support for
the idea, or if it's been discussed before.

> Start new HIP ideas in the hip-discussion channel in the Improvement Proposals folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The #hip-discussion channel is a great place to circulate an early idea.
```

This needs to be linted to start on line 36

HIPs are managed entirely from the [HIP GitHub repository](https://github.com/helium/HIP). HIP

> discussion also happens in the `Improvement Proposal` folder of

Reviewer: are these not sections?

Reviewer 2: technically "category channels" so just going with "channels"
